well well well ben roethlisberger
finally complained about the play
calling heath miller six catches in the
first half not targeted at all in the
second not enough no huddle either and
so I asked how can a guy who never
played a guy who never won as a coach be
allowed to dictate chapter and verse to
a quarterback with two Super Bowl rings
and another AFC championship on top of
that can I get a witness
could somebody give me even one good
reason techmo bull todd has gots to go
this isn't working
seven and seven not working if Arizona
wants Claude Haley as head coach to
replace Ken Whisenhunt I volunteered to
drive the sumbitch to Phoenix myself
it's the mark man show broadcasting live
from the lobby of the hotel paradise
it's clobberin time
yesterday's loss of Dallas don't really
matter if the steelers went out they
make the playoffs they got two home
games they play to division foes
that's all they gots to do beat
Cincinnati and Cleveland they won't
there's no chance of that happening but
that's all they got to do four one two
three three three ninety nine thirty
nine is the number to call you could
email this show supergenius
@ WX DX comm we've got so much to talk
about today the play makers on D
disappeared again some people seem to
think the D played well but in a lot 415
yards and a lot of 24 points a
regulation only one sack
only one takeaway it pains me to say
this but James Harrison Troy Polamalu
even Lamar Woodley they might be all
done they're doing nothing they're
invisible
what are these only 28 but he's already
a non-factor Harrison makes the
occasional good play pull them all it
was just so far away from the ball hard
decisions got to be made after this
campaign the Steelers and their
struggles losing the bad teams it's not
a fluke this is a downward spiral by the
entire franchise and making me all the
more dumbstruck by what's happening is
that the one guy who could make this
team play above its talent level who
could build them out of bad situations
is Ben Roethlisberger and he's being
dumbed down by management
now I'm not absolving Ben of blame on
the Dallas pickoff that ultimately
decided the game and Brandon Carr made
it pretty good play there too but you
look at what Ben did the triple pump TD
to Heath Miller the 60-yard bomb to Mike
Wallace and set up Jonathan Dwyers
touchdown Ben was the only reason the
Steelers were in that game
Antonio Bryan on the other hand sucks
sucked in every which way you can suck
he read to find the word sucking on a
moment-by-moment basis in the fourth
quarter
how did a B suck well let me count the
ways he drops the ball on the punt
return he don't do that
the Steelers win period that games done
and dusted all he has to do is hold on
on a subsequent punt he chickened out of
catching the ball was because he didn't
want hit it was cuz he didn't want to
risk fumbling again so he lined up like
what 90 yards away from the ball it
landed in front of him it bounced
Steelers got screwed on field position
and then late in the game abies not
thinking and we should get used to that
because he never really does a B's not
thinking and he runs out of bonds with
the ball as the Steelers are nearing a
punting situation thus giving Dallas
more time on the clock when they do get
the rock now no harm done in that
instance Dallas didn't score they had to
go to overtime to win it but these
receivers the Young Money brothers to be
there the young money Punk's an Antonio
Braun his nickname should be atm
atrocious turnover machine for one two
three three three ninety nine thirty
nine today's came and Jack daily survey
on the mark man page at WX DX calm is
who's the goat Roethlisberger or brown
vote now on WX DF